hey guys how's it going am I jordan b 14
0 9 and then this video I'm going to be
showing you guys how you can purchase
the Independence Day DLC horns after the
removal by rockstar so this is gonna be
a very useful video if you guys who want
the Independence Day DLC horns so be
sure to leave a like that helps you I'm
sure subscribe if in you for daily GTA 5
glitches now we'll be doing a twitch
livestream afters video goes up so go
and check it out at twitch TV /i Jordan
be 1409 without further ado let's get on
with today's glitch so far as glitch
what you're gonna need to do is go to
hard now we're gonna have to spend 60
files and unfortunately the minimum if
you want to buy these horns so what
we're gonna do is we're gonna go to Hans
and we're gonna go to jazz horn loop the
very last they very less horn that's
available now once you purchased it what
you want to do is back out of the menu
go back to haunt what you don't need to
do is press down once and as you can see
these horns are now available so now
we've got the star-spangled banner one
two three and four so basically what we
do by the jazz whore move back out of
the menu go back into the menu press
down once and these options here will
now be available now the best part is
safe you've got this vehicle now and you
buy one of these Independence Day
special horns what I is going to see on
screen now when I go back into santos
customs you know another day maybe in a
week's time or whatever these horns are
still gonna be available because we have
them on our vehicle so that means now as
long as you've got more exams as long as
you've got one of them on your vehicle
then you'll be able to buy all of them
for the vehicle and anytime you want
sounds very very useful so guys the
found of this was on the seventeenth
forum so a big child goes to them i will
have a link through the topic in the
description below if you want to go and
check that out for a text tutorial but
that stiffness video games hook enjoyed
it please help me reach over fossil eggs
in this video be greatly appreciated and
also he knew why not subscribe for daily
GTA 5 glitches tricks tips dlc news info
mods and so much more a sibling video
guys hope to see you in my livestream at
twitch.tv follows
I job to be 1409 she needs some money
check out my money glitches in the
description below and I will see you
guys in the next video